c:\users\arvio\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\gaussSediel\gaussSediel\bin\Debug\gaussSediel.exe.config
c:\users\arvio\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\gaussSediel\gaussSediel\obj\Debug\gaussSediel.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\arvio\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\gaussSediel\gaussSediel\obj\Debug\gaussSediel.Form1.resources
c:\users\arvio\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\gaussSediel\gaussSediel\obj\Debug\gaussSediel.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\arvio\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\gaussSediel\gaussSediel\obj\Debug\gaussSediel.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\arvio\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\gaussSediel\gaussSediel\bin\Debug\gaussSediel.exe
c:\users\arvio\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\gaussSediel\gaussSediel\bin\Debug\gaussSediel.pdb
c:\users\arvio\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\gaussSediel\gaussSediel\obj\Debug\gaussSediel.exe
c:\users\arvio\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\gaussSediel\gaussSediel\obj\Debug\gaussSediel.pdb
C:\Users\Investor_DM_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\gaussSediel\gaussSediel\bin\Debug\gaussSediel.exe.config
C:\Users\Investor_DM_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\gaussSediel\gaussSediel\obj\Debug\gaussSediel.exe
C:\Users\Investor_DM_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\gaussSediel\gaussSediel\obj\Debug\gaussSediel.pdb
C:\Users\Investor_DM_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\gaussSediel\gaussSediel\bin\Debug\gaussSediel.exe
C:\Users\Investor_DM_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\gaussSediel\gaussSediel\bin\Debug\gaussSediel.pdb
C:\Users\Investor_DM_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\gaussSediel\gaussSediel\obj\Debug\gaussSediel.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Investor_DM_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\gaussSediel\gaussSediel\obj\Debug\gaussSediel.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Investor_DM_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\gaussSediel\gaussSediel\obj\Debug\gaussSediel.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Investor_DM_\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\gaussSediel\gaussSediel\obj\Debug\gaussSediel.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\mantu\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\gaussSediel\gaussSediel\bin\Debug\gaussSediel.exe.config
C:\Users\mantu\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\gaussSediel\gaussSediel\obj\Debug\gaussSediel.exe
C:\Users\mantu\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\gaussSediel\gaussSediel\obj\Debug\gaussSediel.pdb
